Translation corrections (#130)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_011.txt

//r藤堂くんと一つ角の前で別れて、私は自宅に戻った。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "藤堂くんと一つ角の前で別れて、私は自宅に戻った。",
			NULL, "I parted ways with Toudou-kun in front of a corner, and returned home.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r最後まで家まで送る、と藤堂くんは言ってくれたけど、私のこんななりを見て、しかもクラスの男の子におぶられて帰ってきたとわかったら、おかーさんはきっといい顔をしないだろう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "最後まで家まで送る、と藤堂くんは言ってくれたけど、私のこんななりを見て、しかもクラスの男の子におぶられて帰ってきたとわかったら、おかーさんはきっといい顔をしないだろう。",
			NULL, "Toudou-kun said that he would carry me all the way home, but I was sure that Mom would be unhappy if she saw me like this and realized I'd been spending time with a boy from school.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r…あるいは、藤堂くんに対してねぎらいよりも、理不尽な叱責をぶつけるかもしれない。だから、なんとか説得して帰ってもらった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…あるいは、藤堂くんに対してねぎらいよりも、理不尽な叱責をぶつけるかもしれない。だから、なんとか説得して帰ってもらった。",

> 			NULL, "...Or maybe she would reprimand Toudou-kun instead of thank him. So I managed to persuade him to let me go.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...She might even reprimand Toudou-kun instead of thanking him. So I managed to persuade him to let me go.", Line_Normal);
```

//rいつか、元通りになると思っていた。…なのに、今なおその気配すらない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "いつか、元通りになると思っていた。…なのに、今なおその気配すらない。",

> 			NULL, "I believed that things will be back to normal someday. ...But there's no sign of that at the moment.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I believed that things would go back to normal someday. ...But there's no sign of that at the moment.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//rおかーさんはその日の気分でだれかれ関係なくがなり立て、おばーちゃんは奥の部屋でずっと念仏を唱えている。そしておとーさんは、そんな二人をただ放置しているだけだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "おかーさんはその日の気分でだれかれ関係なくがなり立て、おばーちゃんは奥の部屋でずっと念仏を唱えている。そしておとーさんは、そんな二人をただ放置しているだけだ。",

> 			NULL, "Mom had been stuck in the same mood regardless of who is around her, while Grandma had been constantly praying in the back room. And Dad just left the two of them alone.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Mom had been stuck in the same mood regardless of who was around her, while Grandma had been constantly praying in the back room. And Dad just left the two of them alone.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>夏美の母</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Natsumi's mom</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s04/00/310600079", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「……先生から、先ほど連絡がありました。",
			NULL, "\"......I got a call from your teacher earlier.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s04/00/310600080", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "あなた、…親に内緒でアルバイトをしていたんだって…？」",

> 			NULL, " You... were doing a part-time job right behind our backs...?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " You... were working a part-time job right behind our backs...?\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rこの前、噂を聞きつけた尾形先生に職員室に呼び出された、あのこと……っ？！
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "この前、噂を聞きつけた尾形先生に職員室に呼び出された、あのこと……っ？！",
			NULL, "That thing Ogata-sensei had called me to the staff room for when she heard the rumors......?!", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rやっぱりだ、…やっぱりあの先生、約束を破って…！　『親には連絡しない』って言うから、正直に話してあげたのにッ！！
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "やっぱりだ、…やっぱりあの先生、約束を破って…！　『親には連絡しない』って言うから、正直に話してあげたのにッ！！",

> 			NULL, "I knew it... I knew she'd break her promise...! \And after she sincerely told me she wouldn't tell my parents!!", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I knew it... I knew she'd break her promise...! Even after she sincerely told me she wouldn't tell my parents!!", Line_Normal);
```
